[Music]
I would like to start I would like to start
today's live because we have to read I
had to remove the video
because you can't really see much
but you could see something behind it even if it
was blurry and I preferred we prefer Pepa
a kiss sweetheart thank you very much we
preferred to censor it and I had to remove
the video then put it back on then I
recommend that you all watch a video
that I uploaded this afternoon
really I mean the things that happen to
me the things that happen to me are
surreal eh totally I mean what
happened today yesterday Well today yesterday the
night of yesterday to today because it was it was
four five or six in the morning I don't
remember what time it was it wasn't
impressive I mean what happened yesterday was
impressive and I really do
n't know if justice will do anything against
this because after all the
times I've reported people and
after that there's nothing left or they give them a
stupid fine and little else but but what happened yesterday
is serious man I mean yesterday is very
strong and very serious
have you seen it well so that you are
seeing the extract in Javier canijo I
uploaded a video no  I remember what the
people title is, put
the title of the video here in the chat so that
everyone can see it because this
extractor I will be uploading to teles to seo
Royal Thank you very much But what happened
yesterday is not logical eh I mean what happened
yesterday is not normal
what happened yesterday is not normal It turns out
that well just like a direct cut
a lady calls me who has been calling me for
several weeks in fact on one of the
occasions the call caught me here live
and the aunt, well I don't know what it's about I don't
know what she thinks and I don't know if she doesn't
understand you have to know how to differentiate between
what is the audience and what is
here on the internet no, we are here
to communicate and to entertain
people I consider that here We have a
big family no and that we are forming
a very nice community but you
have to know what the
limits are you have to know what is the
internet and what is real life So
I think that this lady has not known how to
differentiate she has been for several weeks now she has been for
several weeks with the issue of
calling and with the grace of calling and she is
bothering because really the phone
that I have today  removed because I
really put it for some people who had
n't used the Super chats and
all that but by way that I rarely
go by vision no and the phone already
wants it and if ever someone wants to
give a gift let them do it but let's go
by bitsu no there's nothing almost any day
no So I have removed it Because also
this type of confusion can arise it is
a work phone so I
have no reason to pick up or turn off the
phone because it is a
work phone and you don't have to be
bothering me at 5 in the morning she
says her name is Cristina But who knows
if it's true that her name is Cristina
because because of course yesterday she did to see for
those who don't know what has happened
basically
there is a lady who is dedicated to calling me
calling me constantly okay I have
followers of guajo and
well she lives it or rather in fact in
yesterday's call she was saying
things like what a voice She has a
voice she has such a tender voice [ __ ] that she
gives me permission to publish
yesterday's call and we react to it that she gives me
permission that she gives me
written consent and we react to it  and she
thinks she hasn't done anything wrong Marilú I can't
watch your live stream I'll watch it tomorrow okay
people love you and we don't do weird things
among other things I don't have time
marilu Thank you very much queen I know that
in every house there will be a black sheep and
I know that there will be some [ __ ] among my
followers who insults another person or
has bad manners or whatever despite the fact that
I always tell you
not to lose your manners okay I mean we are
evolving and want a
powerful community criticism and saying things
clearly but man no no doing these
things no I mean I still haven't had
anyone come to me to complain that someone in
my community has done this that
this lady has done total the gentlemen who say
that Well in fact the lady says that she doesn't
want people to talk about the game and like let's
see lady I have a gossip channel and
here they talk about all the youtubers I
mean I think here there are like 500 videos
of Greg 500 videos of Rubius 500 videos
of Dallas 500 videos of
Ari Gameplays or whoever it is
just like Juanjo has  on her channel
8000 I don't remember how many there were, I think it
was 800 videos about Jorge Javier
1500 about Fidel I mean because they
counted them once not the freedom of
freedom of expression but man it's that
these people let's see I could more or less
expect that community to be like that the
truth is it couldn't be any other way but
man getting to what the lady has done
seems to me to be crossing the lines a little bit
and I'm saying this from here I have no
reason to block the phone nor do I have to have
the phone turned off
because it's a work phone and
if I have to change the number then we'll
be talking about something
called harassment okay what happened was
basically that this lady has been
calling me for several weeks now at any
time she feels like it she comes across a
video of mine in which we're talking about
Juan or maybe Many times not even if
I don't talk about Wow because for example
when I was in London she would
leave messages on the answering machine
the answering machine would come on and she would
leave messages on the answering machine okay
That's enough with Juanjo no Hey that in
Twitter your followers are criticizing
Juanjo Hey, don't
criticize Juanjo Hey lady, he's not your son
Hey lady, he's not your son, I already
told this getting on the
before getting on the plane at the
boarding gate not in the in the
seats no that were at the
London airport The flight was delayed and we
were there for about an hour and a half
sitting and she called me now I see that they're
calling me from Spain and I answer it in case it's
something important no and I pick up the phone
who it is already knows me I'm Cristina Hey, you're
not going to stop what they're saying about
Juanjo Hey why are they saying this about
Juanjo I
swear I have everything recorded and
the messages I hung up on him directly I say I
rang for God and he spent the whole
flight leaving messages on the
voicemail okay And yesterday when I finished the live
Yesterday when when I finished the live I do
n't remember what time it was no It was
like
4:30 5 in the morning okay my
phone starts ringing I pick it up and it's the lady
I don't even say Hello  I just put
the obs on here to record I hung up here with
the obs I recorded it with the obs and I started
recording and I let her talk but I didn't
say anything very often she would say
but talk to me no you're not going to talk or what you're not
going to talk or what talk to me no What's going on no
woman has spoken to you like I haven't and
put you in your place coward who doesn't
have a [ __ ] head
but she did and I'm quiet like this with my
cell phone here recording for fifty-something
minutes Well here I have it look because there
were several calls there were several
calls look it
seems incredible to me Look Mrs.
Juanjista okay look It's this video what's
happening because look at this video 0
seconds this one is not worth it This is two
minutes 15 okay it would be best a
first call I think it was a first
call that was cut off then
46 minutes this one okay this was the long one
that was cut off and now these two times
one and 36
and another minute okay this was because
the call was cut off and she started calling and I'm
here Of course before going to bed I record
some news from Teles Alseo and  he recorded
the news for aiden so that to
leave him work and I'm going to bed
at like 6 in the morning man and the
lady wouldn't let me work and I was
waiting I said let's see if he shuts up let's see
if he falls and the lady here insulting me
pushing me a bunch of crimes okay I
mean she charged me with 800 crimes Enrique
Karimán Alan a few okay And it was
worth seeing it was It was
worth listening to I was here
freaking out I couldn't believe it man I mean I couldn't believe what I was hearing man I could
n't believe it all of a sudden he starts
saying well you know what I'm going to
extort you Yeah yeah yeah I'm going to
extort you I feel like extorting you I'm going to extort you so you
don't talk
about Juanjo anymore I'm
going to be calling you on the [ __ ] phone
I'm going to be calling you on the [ __ ] phone
from the time the live shows start until I
finish it today he won't be doing it
because we made the video and he's
embarrassed
but man I was I'm going to
extort you Give me the
balls I'm going to  extort you I'm going to
ruin your business I don't know a thousand things
like that it wasn't like taking him to the
police station the conversation obviously
with her phone number take it
do what you have to do
but but it didn't stop eh I mean it wasn't
a conversation that you say no well I
'm giving her conversation no no no no she's alone she's
alone she's alone she's alone
that today she's talking about Juanjo again no and
when are you going to stop talking about Juanjo
and now she started to I don't know
I'm remembering the things
that I was saying because it was an hour
no Surely I'm forgetting
things but Angel made a suit for
Carismal he made a suit for Enrique he
made a suit for everyone he didn't start saying
that Marina Yes yes Marina with Marina
has it in for her because she says what's up
Marina does the live shows for you no as if nobody did the
other's live shows for them You
know Marina has to do
the live shows for you no Of course that's how you're
surpassing Juanjo because he does the
live shows for you No well you and I are calling
reason I'm in contact with reason
so that they take  measures and kick her out because she's
acting with evil,
she's collaborating with evil.
Now then she started telling me about all of
Juanjo's vacations, but all
done talking. Alone, eh, I mean, I wasn't
talking at all, all this talking.
Alone. No, I wasn't talking
at all,
nothing,
I hope you can go ahead with her and
that she gets somewhere, man, if you don't
take it, if they don't go to the police, then I'll
file a complaint for Pablo Franco
because surely yes, sure. I think she does have a long way to go. I
think she has a long way to go. She started
telling me about
all of Guajo's vacations, but the
way the walls of I don't know what
hotel were like, the floor she was on, the
stops she made during the trip, I
imagine that's what it will be. Juanjo
is in a group with them, the most
staunch ones, and he'll spend all day
talking to them, telling her that he's a
victim and all this kind of thing. I don't
know, but my son, look at what you're
encouraging, I
mean, because he tells me that one of
my group
is like that
and he's totally out
for more than
one thing that's true, I mean, I'm not
going to put him on the call because he
recommended me.  that I don't do it they have
recommended that I don't do it until until
whatever happens legally
but incredible
well he started telling me all the that they
had impunity and I don't know if it's true
the properties of Wow if he has this
house if he has I don't know what if he has I don't know
how many and the car the everything and that of course I
take for granted I imagine I don't know if it
's the truth I imagine that it will be that Eje
gets into a group with these with the ones that
are more more super fan until
all day talking to her because she
knew everything all the hotel this the
hotel other the wall of the hotel was
beautiful because she knows
tremendous tremendous tremendous
tremendous Ah she gets she got like that And that
voice that Juanjo has and that voice that you my
God What a voice what a voice when I
found on YouTube someone who
spoke like that with that tone she is
angelic it's a wonderful thing because they are
going to put a program on channel one which
is the one that he likes and if they don't
put it on channel one they will put it on
National Radio one And I have some things that I
really don't believe I see  if I give
credit because in reality it couldn't be any
other way, I
mean the fandom couldn't be any other
way but either I'm not exaggerating or I mean it's going to be there you
've already seen it many
times not when they go
after Albert Domenech not when they
went after Marina on Twitter not when
Marina announced the program with me
but apart from that it was 5 in the morning
man
Bueno he already told me that it was a lie about
the age he told us he had that it was a
lie that he had a husband and I already
but man it was so late at night
that I have children that I work that I
have a wife that today was Three Kings Day
but anyway, he called me being in
London knowing that I was in
London He started calling me To ask me for
explanations of what
people were saying on Twitter about Juanjo about the
LEGO thing I
swear you're not going to say anything you're not going to
stop what they're saying to Juanjo with
the Legos
me ma'am knowing that I'm on
vacation with the family for the end of the year
that no longer no longer it's not that he calls me here
knowing that I just cut the live
at 5 in the morning no no knowing that I
'm on vacation  and now in the in the in
the call yesterday for example it was said
and what have you learned in London What have you
seen in London [ __ ] no [ __ ] no
because I've seen the comments that they
put about you and there are several there are several
ladies who tell you that they live in
London and that what you're seeing is
[ __ ] because you're not cultured
because you don't even know what to see in
London
is that I'm remembering the
conversation as I'm remembering
the makeup of the forgiveness of the
conversation as
the hours go by Of course because I stood here and I did
n't want to cut it off because he was recording it because he
wasn't accusing me of a
crime he was threatening me you know Yeah
because you're half a [ __ ] or something like that he
told me because you're not half a [ __ ]
What's going on Why aren't you talking to me
because it's you're there listening Because
no woman has spoken to you like I have what
man the truth is that you're not the
first I mean if you think that the
first one I've met like that sincerely
I think I have a magnet look
but I mean what I'm telling you are
literal words they're not
my interpretations or anything I have them
recorded If she wants  that he
publicly apologizes I don't know who it will be on Twitter I don't
know if it will be the same one that slandered me
the other time I don't know if it will be the same one but
Seriously, let him give us permission
to publish the call
because it's really tremendous
tremendous I
'm not exaggerating,
tears are coming in court Well let's
see how he really explains I mean I do
n't know how she applies this I do
n't understand how she's going to explain that let's
see more or less on Twitter the
fandom I had already seen that it showed promise
but you have to know what the internet is
what We play on the internet no I mess
with you the next day you mess
with me I don't know what I don't know how much you know
and what real life is
you want to say something here are the
Super chats here they are many times we
put audios from Instagram
thanks maquejo
But you can't call me when I'm
not when I
'm not online during
working hours live you can
intervene in the program by not calling
the work number
if not you can intervene with a super
chat or whatever okay but I
was already  like a bit of
annoyed with the fact that I kept
calling during the trip okay so
I more or less have to have my cell phone
Maybe when I'm on vacation I don't
have it on high but at night
when I get to the hotel or whatever I have to
take a look in case
something has happened that's worth picking up the cell phone
and reporting on it or just in case Imagine
if they give me a strike a thousand things okay
But you can't call a person I
mean knowing that I'm on vacation
knowing that I'm traveling with the
family Imagine the mind of that
person
calling I'm going to call Javi Javi
just uploaded a photo on Instagram in
Big Ben I'm going to call him it doesn't matter if he
's with his wife I'm going to call him
insult him and tell him that they're
saying he's
really Juanjos I mean I'm
not going to I'm not going to put adjectives to
this because I think they get on their own I'm
not going to put the adjective to this because I
think they get on their own
but what happened yesterday
yesterday at 5 in the morning
what will they get Juanjo unable to see him
well I don't  I know what they'll get, I've already
said it many times, I don't want it, I do
n't want the man to lose
followers, or the man to lose
money, or to stop earning money or
anything, I mean, let's see, he was a fan of mine
and he was a fan of mine with the content that I've
always done, not with this one on TV.
He was a fan of mine when I criticized
YouTubers and he still is because he doesn't
miss anything I upload. So he
knows what I do, now he's
grown and has become more or less
popular among the gossip YouTubers.
Well, if you're messing things up and you start
doing things and you mess with one and you
mess with the other, you throw barbs in your
live, whatever, then they comment on each other and that's it, just
like with any other YouTuber. I
mean, imagine telling 10
minutes magazine that they can't mention
Rosito anymore because they've already mentioned her a lot.
No, my son, that looks bad. Hey, look
guys, what do I do? He also puts out
a lot of videos and a lot of things and that's it,
but let's go, what I don't know, what I can't think of
is  I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, right? No, no, no, no, no, I can't
understand. I can't understand. You're talking to me about the
money that Juanjo had, and I
've made it clear that these are things that he'll
start talking to him about, I mean, because the
description he gave me of the vacation
step by step, well, two or three times he started to
cry, two
or three times the lady started to cry, okay, two or three times she started to cry that she
felt really sorry for him, that she loved Amador very much,
two or three times she started to cry on the
call that she loved Amador very much that
Amador was preparing a
room for Juanjo, I don't know, some
things that I say.
Oh, and by the way, I don't know if Karim
has seen it anymore, but the lady told me that she had
also been calling Karismán
and that since Charismán didn't pick up, that
she left messages on his voicemail.
It's impressive. No, it's not a new release,
Isaac, it's really
impressive, impressive.
Thank you, Lola. Thank you very much,
that lady bragging about a career that she
got after she was an adult and that she has never
practiced. No, but I don't know what it is, it's
true. Because yesterday she was saying that she
was like 60 years old, I don't know anything else,
yesterday she said that  I had made up the whole
husband thing I don't know what I don't know when,
no sense really, I mean it's not like
yesterday's thing, really,
dude, we're talking about someone from
YouTube I mean, imagine if I decide to
call Maria Patino
Imagine if I decide to start
calling Maria Patino
when I see that sálvame ends, I mean,
sálvame ends at 2 in the morning and I
call her cell phone I've already gotten home
what's going on
no one talks to you like I do I put you
in your place you don't have half a brain
you know I'm going to extort you don't
stop bothering you Antonio David eh You're not
going to stop messing with Rocío Flores
because you don't mention her anymore because she's
very pretty and has a very nice voice Did you
imagine that they make me do that I mean, I'm going, let's go
I think that I think I
'm bad eh legally I think that
something is going to happen to her I
think something is going to happen to her of
course back in the day here the first day I
took it with more laughter  no we
even put the music on do you remember
but it already crossed everything it crossed the line
finally the leg but of course from
there to every day Call call
call
and of course she is a follower of Juanjo well she
knows the whole life of Juanjo but
really I mean tremendous tremendous tremendous tremendous tremendous
tremendous we
stayed that he was from Jamaica but Maica
has defended me today that from here I
thank her again I did it in
the video this afternoon Daniel
Thank you very much Maika defended me today
Marca defended me today that I was I don't
know I don't know who it would be if it would be
Carrasquito it would be a Juanjista or from the
other of whatever But there was a group
of people who were like editing
my videos cutting excerpts of this phrase and
putting it here pasting it Here super
tacky so that it would seem that I had
called Antonio long live abuser
that I even when I have been bad I have already
fixed things with Antonio David no I didn't
say anything because well because I will
give you a surprise but the
Although I when I was bad with  he has
been for other things and I have criticized him for
a series of other things but I have always defended him on the subject
of being accused of that
even when I was on bad terms with him and
whoever follows me knows it And of course it
is probably from some time that
someone was making those types of
insinuations towards him I would be defending him it
would surely be something like that not
really very very heavy very heavy very heavy very
heavy very
good very heavy
Thank you Maria Thank you very much well let's
see you know why Juan is going to
leave Antonio David well let's see it let's see I
imagine that I imagine
Thank you very much for everything let's see I
imagine it will be because of you as he
says here in the video Well because in the
first place he needs to spend that
time on other projects okay this
project well no let's
see It is that this project really is
what I told you and I am not
saying it as a bad criticism or anything like that
But I personally believe that
Antonio David ignores having ignores the
Channel not as if he does not care about the people
who follow him that that is not what I
mean but as if he is not
100% on the channel
you know the channel is a  work YouTube is
a job Maybe I do
n't know if it's because it hasn't caught his
attention that much or that in the end Well, it doesn't
call him that much to dedicate the time that
it needs, I don't know the truth and I
think that
[Music]
I think that probably because Juan
has already disassociated himself from the project because he
said look when you want to do a
live show Here you have the Here you have what you need to
have, we've already taken
the exit step and when
you want when you want to upload a
video or do a live show Well, you know how to
do it and that's it, not without a problem, no, and it will
be because of that, or basically it will be that
he needs that time that he is pending on the
channel Or on Antonio David's networks
for other projects
that are
requiring that time, I imagine
that they will go that way, I imagine that they will go that way I
mean, I don't think they fought or
anything like that, or in fact I think I
heard the message briefly
before getting home but I
have to see it okay we're going to see it
here in fact okay but that it has
n't been a bad vibe for sure or I mean it
will be more than anything like that today
listen to me we've already got this done
the channel is
already here set up basically what's left is
that when you when you want to upload
something then upload it you know I mean it doesn't have any
more history
than
basically When you want a
live stream then you know you have to click
here here
Open live and such I personally
believe that once Juan is gone Antonio
David will never use his channel again
I hope I was wrong but I think
Antonio will live to pass up the Channel now
Javi I'm done seeing you tomorrow Because today I ca
n't I'm sleepy and ugh everything is very
strong face throwing a kiss face
throwing a kiss a kiss How did it turn
out Loli a kiss queen Marina wrote to me
before too to tell me that she had gone
bald
How did it turn out Loli incredible
Rest queen you don't count anymore When you
see it what do you think and how are you And how did you
take it and how did you feel that
Juan let's see I hope that I hope we don't
lose contact that we don't lose I hope that we
don't lose hearing from Juan
or rather I have told him Open your
channel yourself I don't know Come on  I will
propose some things to Juan
so that we don't lose contact with him
but I think the shots will go in that direction it is
how the channel wants it to upload
something from time to time to answer something
You know Javi you are too agile to
think that about Juan
What do you mean JJ that if you think there is
a bad vibe I don't know we are going to
listen to it How are you Good afternoon everyone
How are you as you all know I have been
on Antonio David's Channel for more
than a year Well, nothing Well now is
the time to make decisions and right now
due to being agile or stupid
Well also, I do not rule it out
Well, I do not rule it out eh Juan will have his
things and he will have put them aside
Personal and
professional circumstances, I have decided to disassociate myself
from Antonio David's channel During this
year I have made many friends I have made
many friendships and above all I have had an
extremely good time with all of
you and that is why I thank you
for having supported me And how could you not have
supported Antonio David in everything that you have
done with him And with all his family as I have
told you During this time  this year
and a little more I have learned many
things especially I have learned about the world
of gossip So to speak, it
's not like I was very knowledgeable and I have also
known and learned the injustices
that can be done to a person in
this case with Antonio David that's why I got
so involved in this project
because I wanted to make people see
excuse my absence I'm not feeling well You
are a sun face blowing a kiss what's
up bruised darling what's wrong tell
us what's wrong
daughter
How was your day infiltrated in
Russian intelligence what does Lady say I'm
arriving we'll talk about Greg and Vegeta
my preserve today we talked about everything don't
worry Juan is a very good editor but
working for someone who doesn't do anything
on their part, let's
see I imagine that with David who
is very busy whatever you want no that he
has the children whatever he goes here
whatever he has to go there or
whatever but son Let's see work is
work or rather I can Javi when they
give you the camera fixed I have it
here I said before I have it here what I have to  to
do is connect it we connect it
now I stop we connect it
now no no How lazy to stop live
to connect this Now we don't
connect it Now when we see Juan's thing
and we configure everything and the
kids' gossip we talk about it with the
good camera
if you want we will do it because if I don't
do it live I don't do it if I don't do it
live I don't do anything if they don't do it live I do
nothing
now we put it on come on
now we put it on come on that I think that's where
the shots go as a guy let's see
I'm here pending your networks and
all your things and
what happens man if you don't want the channel
but look at Antonio David could I don't know I don't
know why it will be the reason I don't
know if he's lazy or that he doesn't have
topics or that he doesn't like it or that it doesn't
call him that much but Anthony could have
made an incredible amount of money
from YouTube, I
mean he could have lived off YouTube very very
very comfortably
but well
maybe it's not going that way so they could
see what was being done
with this person but well as I
told you things have an end and I think
right now  the channel can pull
itself off and also because as you
know I have Javi who is
used to working little and earning a
lot but the thing is that in the end if he has
Juan editing the videos and making the
thumbnails and more or less preparing the
Caleta damn for nothing more than you have to
get to the
place where I recorded or at whatever time
and he makes the live show open and get on and
talk or nothing more than you have to get there
and record the video and Juan edits it and
uploads it or so really there is no
more you know I don't know I don't know what the
reasons are I don't know if it's that there won't be any anymore
because you can say it's that I'm very busy it's that
I'm very busy it's that
the children it's that the girl is that this is that I don't care
dude I mean jobs
are jobs
Antonio David turned the page on everything he's
experienced in it includes the tide and
dizzy no eh I mean he went from the
tide not the value to much the tide there
no I think that he is that
TV is very different from
YouTube But this happens a lot this happens a
lot eh I already said it happens a lot
that many from TV come to YouTube
and come with a lot of force  with great
enthusiasm and few are those that end up coming together
Why Because it's not the same
here on YouTube you are all your
producer your scriptwriter your director the one
responsible for this the one responsible for that the
face the presenter the entertainer
And who likes TV I'm
fine since I know that everything is fine Well
now they'll invent but since I know that everything
is fine then nothing they talk about is fine
Loli Claro that's it or rather I don't
think my life is in danger Right
now because of that lady honestly in
fact I see that she cut herself off because
when we talked about it I imagine that
when she saw the opinions
we have regarding what she's doing
then she cut herself off you know but have the
sailor Loli Loli We always go
our own way working
[Music]
Hi Javi I know you're live right now
but I just got home
and that's when I saw a message that you
posted like a video today Sorry you
recorded yourself in which you're not telling the
truth I mean you're cutting it off no
So now that you're live Well
I am Cristina I am the person who according to
you is extorting you  it's a lie, I'm simply
speaking to you in a way that no
one else has spoken to you about and I want you to
hear your audience right now on live television. I
know that right now you don't have
much but that's normal because it's Three
Kings' Night. I want to explain a
number of things. The video that you made
first is cut,
the recording is
perfect because what I do is
argue things. I'm not a
person, nor am I raised from the
head nor are you suddenly
twisting your head. No Javi, what I'm
telling you is that you act in the same
way as the production company, the
TV factory. You don't talk about Juanjo or to
Juanjo, nor do you have an opinion about Juanjo, you shred him, you
put him in a shredder at all
levels and you've been like this for a year and a half, that's
called harassment, stalking, and a hate crime. Why do
n't you comment on Juanjo? You spend
hours every day on live television? I do
n't know today because I haven't just gotten
home and as soon as I saw that video of yours, well.
Of course I'll show my face, let's go, I
have nothing to hide, I haven't
threatened Marina with anything. I've
told you that I'm going to get in touch with
the reason for a simple reason because
she is a journalist who I believed to be
serious then the obligation of a
journalist is to get to the truth and
investigate things
that are considered by
the practices that you carry out YouTube
garbage in the same way
instead of investigating where the
garbage is Where the bad practices are
Where is the crushing of people to
make videos for so much monetization
and that was what I explained to you that was what I
explained to you because I explained
many things what happens is that what you
do to people is manipulate in such a
way that you are only in pieces If you
say that then the explanation is whole
and the explanation
but to tell you that one of
your journalists instead of doing her job
is entering directly into what is
a machine for crushing people I don't
know the type of videos that you make with another
series of people who effectively make
many videos of people that I don't even
know but I am a follower you
start to invent a series of things
that I cried Look, I am 56 years old and I
cry for the important things in
life I never  I cried But
how am I going to cry and I told you you don't
make me cry you make me cry Neither you nor
anyone else are going to
tell people that I started to
cry acting like I was crazy and also I
argue things and I told you lady
stop harassing let go of your arm
what did you say a phrase I didn't
understand something you said but I don't know and
me and you say turned
green
no I told you that according to the flight
and they put videos and such I see your
way of acting and I see in a group in a group
with FJ with charisma Well charisma now
stopped It's true that it's been like a
while last I don't know he stopped
he promised it also for his mother because
I heard it that's how he promised that no he wasn't
going it's not that you talk it's not that you make a
criticism that that is totally
get help lady Please
Even a group of people called
Blue Tide or we have identified with
that movement against
television harassment media harassment then you
in a way that you are doing harassment
on YouTube and you are doing harassment in
particular in particular that maybe you
do it  with more people but specifically
with José Menéndez from Cadena Juanjo
So what I want to tell you is not
that you don't talk you can talk whatever you want that
we are in a state of
law Javi I have a degree in
history I say it again I know
perfectly well the fundamentals of the rule
of law because I have studied it and
Because I know perfectly
well I was going to turn 10 years old when
the dictator died So I have a lot of
life left so what I cannot
allow because of my ethics
How do you make the videos how you
shred but it's that you put it in a
shredder is that you don't realize
the moral damage that you are doing to that
person if it were another type of person
Maybe they had already committed suicide you don't
understand it you can't speak that
way look at you right now
[Applause]
Cristina the pill Cristina please
Well but those are demagogic phrases
that I'm not
going to take a pill it doesn't matter that lady has
had dinner we are going to sleep
Now the lady who makes it see
should not be very flushed face well
when when you do lady the
water dried up  the boiled potato
and tells you I'm going to talk to reason for
a simple reason because Marina
collaborating with that part that extorts
on YouTube is discrediting the medium
the reason why she discredits it Because
for me right now reason is a medium
that is discredited and I reason
things I don't talk about them just because And of course I
go live I go live
perfectly
from the TV do not mess
with your lawyer eh You do not worry that
I will indicate it madam and you are not
harassing right now
And what do I do my girl I carry it on my shoulder
kara with blank eyes face crying with
laughter
madam Juanjo is not harassing anyone calm
down well
madam pack the gifts and go to
bed it's late
in this I woke up again
suddenly we save this weekend a lot of talk
madam it is not well you
madam if you know so much about laws one of the
things you cannot do is call a
phone number obtained in
totally illegal ways
Cristina just one question seems like
harassment what Javi does but what
you do  calling him because if he isn't
How many times Mrs. Sealls
Madam, do you think it's normal to pick up the
phone and start talking like a
machine gun without stopping? Don't tell us
your life story, you're just a random
[Applause]
If the Three Wise Men see you awake, you'll be left
without presents.
My reasons,
Madam, calm down and I'll calm down too.
Critical, that's exactly what you do
because I have nothing to be
afraid of. The only thing I've told you is
that there are times when people, the day I
went live, I tried to
speak to you from the heart and as a person
Exactly the same as people because that
causes a lot of moral damage, like they did
in the TV factory and all that. We have
fought against this media harassment because it
crushes people because they put an
end to these garbage programs,
Madam, nobody here believes your word,
go to sleep. It
seems to me that as a citizen I
should put that in. In the end, I have to
contribute to a society that is
better, not a society that is corrupt,
corrupted, that's how you generate hate, you generate a lot of
hate. Look in the
comments box many times.  people
tell you it's that you have no other topic other than
Juanjo it's that maybe one thing
is to make a criticism
I don't understand that normal okay oysters I
also have a degree in history I'm
sorry on behalf of all
historians
shredding directly reasonable nobody
Calls famous numbers
seems like he needs to use up his
daily word quota with Javi kara
rolling around laughing face
rolling around laughing
many times But of course
The Kings don't leave the North Pole today
is a person
madam Melchior and Balthazar are
grabbing food in the fridge
Juanjo doesn't know me absolutely madam is he
more of Melchior Gaspar Balthazar or did he
fall
already
of course
things Hey madam go to sleep
the Three Wise Men are about to arrive and they won't
leave you anything I
know of a bad girl who they are going to
bring coal do you
give Javi permission to put the
calls to see what you said
Look madam with Marina no madam from
mental emergency and this is not
I am a good person and I am not madam that
's fine don't be a pain go to
sleep you seem like a chattering machine
if you decide
madam  I'm selling an almost new Opel Corsa. Are you
interested? Don't you
understand?
Well,
obviously I can't argue with you either.
If I didn't snatch it, it's okay.
Then we are, and you were
also part of it. You were at the
Malaga rally against media harassment and the
media. YouTube is also a means of communication that reaches many
people and causes enormous moral damage. Then I also want to put something for your community, madam, let us continue watching how Agustín 51 humiliates himself, so we can quickly leave Juanjos alone. If he's already lazy with you involved, plus I am a free person and I live in a society in a social democratic state
of law, which is what
all Spaniards have given ourselves as a result of the
transition after the dictatorship.
Madam, you are nobody to say
who should or should not speak on
Javi's Channel.  who generates hate is you
when Juanjo says that the other lady is
a whale and that if it explodes it will fill everything
with meat it is not crushing
lady if you are so sure go
report it
I would send you to listen to the entire video
tremendous speech
because who was there
lady already sit down
[Music]
a parody lady right in this
lady seek help yours is not normal it
is mutual lady We do not
understand you either
well do not
hang up lady Thank you Javi
cover your face throwing a kiss
lady authorize the audios to put the
audios
lady the balance that you spend on calls
your zeal to buy a life
lady is heavier than a necklace of
melons
lady let Javi do his job
Javi are you a psychologist
and well nothing like the night of Kings
Well happy night authorize yes or no For
Javi to put his audios
lady We are free and we do not want to
listen to you
good night
nobody is interested Cristina goodbye
madam good people do not do what
you do what you do is not
right and there is no law to support you you
are not good
Javi does not go with the  topic but since you're
waiting Look at the last tweet of the
million gives for extract Hahaha now we
'll see don't forget to authorize the
audios
Well I have one I know bad that if they are to
send them to the reason of course of caps I did
n't understand you Loli carriño I'm in the
car and I stopped to see your face
Hahaha change Javi do the program of
hope talk to people who need
help you get rich a kiss Fran What do you
think son
Fran I have a magnet eh
or rather my thing no
because you don't shut up they have
shut up dude but let's see what a
tremendous farm of Super chats Javi
Yes thank you very much to all forgive me for
thanking us but let's see if if we are
going to report her obviously you cannot
answer her
if we are going to report her obviously you cannot
answer her but come on and she never
authorized the audios XD It's that she didn't
find out because she kept
talking out loud about the Super chats
Javi right now face with a
money tongue face with a money tongue face
with a money tongue she would have been so
alone Mindy is thank you forgive me
everyone thanks everyone  those of you who have
given super chat and forgive me for
thanking us one by one but let's see,
I think what happened has been perfectly defined, I do
n't think it has been
perfectly defined,
the audio from last night does not react if she gives us
permission, it would be great if she
gave us permission to play her call
from last night, man, it
was completely a locution, I mean,
completely a locution
but have you seen that, man I mean, there's no need, there's no
need for me to
tell you anything, she hasn't defined
herself, well, imagine that Yesterday for
50 minutes,
for 50 minutes accusing crimes,
she herself said that she is going to call the
reason but it seems very funny to me that they
say I give it to you, I give you permission to
give her my number To your lawyer, no, beautiful, I'll
call you to the court and you will go there
and you explain to the judge that Juanjo is
very good And then you call me
to accuse me of crimes and all that
stuff here in public and if you think it's
going to be free and cheap, but
mother, tremendous eh Javi I challenge you to make
a summary of the speech
no no  but if that was what I was
explaining, the lady gave you a Kings' Day gift, she gave you
a ton of Super chats, kara
crying with laughter but but the powerful thing
would have been the powerful thing would have been if
she had been responding to the
Super chats And then it's you who
are telling her things and she
responding
And yes, she cried Yes, yes, of course she cried but I
have everything, I mean, I have the 50 minutes
recorded there, I just showed it I mean,
imagine if she calls him Give him your
number but I don't know in what world
these people live, I really do
n't know in what world these people live
that I give you permission have you seen what
community you have thanks And well, I
know, I know, I know the community that I have
for a coffee winking face
Thank you, Daniela
Thank you very much for
authorizing the audios that authorizing
the audios that authorizing the audios well
This was last night, I mean, what she did so that you can
see that I never lie
When I tell things and such so
that you can see that I never lie to you
When I tell things as she did what she
did last night,
well And that  who says she didn't call me in
London wait
it's that I don't know if it's that I don't know if Lorena
is watching the live but come on that thing about
not calling me in London Lorena
knows
no no Ana I don't talk she
reported her I don't talk to her she calls me I
pick up at most she talks to
you
but
but There she has confirmed what she has confirmed what she
picks up told no I
mean what do you think
what do you think or I mean imagine this This
person who well she has defined herself not
the way of speaking the things she has
said is impressive what you live is
not normal not normal not normal
but it is not normal not normal I
mean you can't pick up and Call a
person
because it's not a phone that I
remove this now here no but it's not a phone
to call
understand me But well I'll pick up the
phone And such But man One thing is
that I pick up the other day I already hung up on you
because she started insulting me well she didn't
start insulting me since I picked up the
phone she was insulting not with the
studies  I don't know, I don't know how much, but we
ended badly, don't call us
anymore, don't call anymore. I mean, I'm going to have to
change the phone number and also, it makes me
Thank you very much because I lived well in a
world, I mean, I give you permission to
give my number to your lawyer, sir, you do
n't have to give me permission today I finally
decided to become a member, I've been watching for a long time
without supporting. Thank you
very much, Santi. Thank you very much, Rey, it won't be. No, it
's not from the Guajo community. I mean, yes, it
's like that, the community that you have, I
mean, this already happened to me, uh, last year it
happened to me with a person more or less there who
filed a criminal complaint against me, I mean, I did
n't know her at all. I don't know if Iván and
Alan will remember. Well, of course she's going to
get fat, she's not going to get fat, and the
lady filed a criminal complaint against me. The
Mossos
went and filed a criminal complaint against me for
harassment, a lady that I didn't know. It's
worthless because she said that we
were harassing her because of you, I've
lost sleep. I've been shocked. But
this lady, who does she think she is? I've
hallucinated, she's left us speechless. eh
Loli, that is, last year. It already happened to me with
a follower of Wow that she
had sex and apparently we
read a tweet of hers during a live stream. It seems that
I read a tweet of hers, I don't know if I don't know if it's that
I read a tweet of hers during a
live stream or that the lady insulted me and I
reported the tweet and they closed her
Twitter and then she went to
the and filed a complaint that I was
stalking her, that I was hacking her accounts, I don't
know, some kind of thing, a
huge thing
and he and Juanjo, I called Juanjo. Hey
Juanjo, there's a follower of yours who's
doing this to me, man, that's why I
started talking to him again, with
Wow, and I said to him, Wow, there's a
lady who's a follower of yours or a friend of yours from your
group, whatever, who reported me and
I don't even know who the [ __ ] she is and he says, Oh
well, I'm going to talk to her, I have the
number and the jerk had the number and he
started talking to her and then he
sent me the audios  and the lady who doesn't stop, she wo
n't leave me alone, she won't let me
live and I had never seen her I mean I couldn't
locate her, I didn't know her
because there's some that more or less on
Twitter they know the names but I did
n't know her And I said to her Wow you know
who this is first I told
Francisco that's enough of harassing you that
number is private I'm hallucinating
we can't say that the number is
private because it's the number that we have
put here for men no yes I
'm already telling you to stop calling me
stop calling me
But anyway even if it's
the number that I put here you call me
when we're live and I pick up I
don't pick up or you send me a message
and I answer you I don't answer there are a
lot of people who send me messages and I
read them even if I don't answer because this is
not where I get to talk but but
from there to what she did last night
man it was I don't know what time we
finished yesterday the live it would be 5
in the morning or something like that
I was on live broadcasts at that time, yes she is a
person who is not well It's the only
way  stop these weird things
between the bus lady and this
crazy aunt says Joan Planas at
that time posted a tweet saying that
something big was coming to you Exactly that's why
we went to check to see what it
was because I posted that tweet on Plana and I
said damn let's see what
this guy is up to and when we went to find
out don't you see what it was It was that
this lady was reporting me
obviously it wasn't broadcast as it
could not be otherwise but but I
on Plana started talking to that
lady and I on Plana tweeted what's
coming to her what's coming to her and it was a
lady who was reporting me and I didn't
even know who it was but oh well I would have
liked you to listen to the audios of
her talking to Juanjo and the lady
who just won't let me no no stop she won't
let me live no stop she won't let me
And it's like but sir I don't know who you are I
've never spoken to you in my life of
course it seems that I once reported the
Twitter that someone else put me on and telling me these
stupid things  that they put and I
picked up I ran into yours And I hit
report I
mean what's really happening here what's
happening to me
what's happening to me no no it's normal of
course these things you get to the
police station the police well they don't
take it seriously many times
Javi they're actors that no no no no I
mean literally it was me
telling it it was
me telling it and she picked up and far
from staying quiet like I'm not calling
anymore because I screwed up no no no no I mean
any person who more or less says
time I got horny last night I screwed up I
wanted to last night it's not normal no no no no
no she picked up and she called while I was
here live and she did the
same thing I do
n't know how long it was I don't know how
long it was But she did the same thing she
did last night but last night it was 50 and
some minutes and that's it because her
call got cut off I mean when the
call got cut off I picked up and she
started calling and calling and I did
n't pick up anymore
but the girl kept calling  at 6 in
the morning eh
man that has a name he
said the same thing you told me about that one I don't
even know How many times have I shown you with
facts that I never lie and I never
make anything up I don't even
know How many times have I shown you
with facts that I never exaggerate and I never
lie to you or anything And that he said
that I'm not extorting you no
no literally in the call there's a
part of the call where he starts
telling me you know what I want to
extort you I feel like extorting
you I'm going to extort you because I feel like it and I'm going to be
calling you on every
live show from the moment you start Until the
end So that no one can donate anything to you it's
incredible He
reported me too he was going after
both of us and on Twitter he was constant he
posted a tweet but I don't know who
Roberto is I don't even know who you are but I do
n't know who the lady was I know that
wow he sent me an audio and then he sent me
a screenshot that Wow he sent me
a screenshot and the lady
said Look look at this  screenshot
Look how they hacked my phone and it
turns out it was a screenshot
of her logging into her
Twitter account and in the notifications it said
logged in with this account on
a new device and that's not that they
're hacking your phone
okay if someone is trying to
get into your account what it says
is they're trying to get into your
account from the Maldives okay
But if what it's saying to you is they
logged in from a new
device is the mess you have
with the multiple accounts I mean that's
the mess she would have
with the multiple accounts putting multiple accounts
on a tablet putting
multiple accounts on another phone on another
phone on the computer or whatever
and of course when you log in on a
new device
if it says they have logged in it's
because you did it with your
password
if someone doesn't know your password They can't tell you
if they have logged in it would say they
are trying to log in
Well the lady filed a complaint
saying that I was getting
into her phone and well some things that piss you off
Yes yes yes I mean literally
you have  checked that this is what exactly as exactly as exactly as
I told it
exactly what I was telling has
happened here live
exactly what I was telling
she took it and came in
really strong dude
you are Ah that you are the follower that
I had blocked Ah okay Roberto Yes
because I remember that she was saying like
you were acting on my behalf or something
like that and I don't even know who you are I mean I had
you blocked because of what you're
telling me Well yes yes yes So I don't even
know who you are she says who you are I mean I
swear I don't know who you are I don't even
remember your name and the lady said that
I was sending you to search her
phone I don't know but these are Juan's background
This is the fandom of
So we are crushing him
Poor guy Wow and how not crushing no
then what she's doing with
Antonio David with Marta risk with and with
always saying that you generate hate are
very strong words what a
shameless person Well nothing to explain it in
court to explain it That's it if
she says she's calm No  I'm not
going to give him my phone number I give you permission
to give my phone number to your voice No
you look first of all you to give so that
I can send things to my lawyer you don't
have to give me permission I send him everything I want to
send him is my
lawyer and secondly my lawyer to you who is
going to call you what you are going to file a huge
lawsuit that you are going to tremble in
court my lawyer that it goes badly for you that it is
going to be the court where
the complaint falls on you which is here in Seville of course
when I file it I am here in Seville
but it is tremendous he
deleted the million the tweet that he
put to the choca Well don't worry there will
surely be places that have it it's that I do
n't know what they think they have
the freedom to do these things without
more they
think they have the freedom to do these
things let's
see it wouldn't fit me if
this fandom were any other way it would
n't fit me if it were any other way this fandom I
mean but
look at you the joke doesn't say no with the
Carmen Borrego thing Juanjo made a little
parody saying that  a person is a
super fat whale that explodes the
bikini and fills everything with meat it's a
parody but now we make
videos of the things he talks about is
harassment
the lady was wrong to mess with you I
believe you waving hand I hope it's only
with me
How are you Good afternoon everyone How
are you as you all know I've been on
Antonio David's Channel for over a year
Well, nothing Well now is the time
to make decisions and right now due to
personal and
professional circumstances I have decided to disassociate myself
from Antonio David's channel During this
year I have made many friends I have made
many friendships and above all I have had an
extremely good time with all of
you and that is why I thank you
for having supported me And how could you not have
supported Antonio David in everything that you have
done with him And with his entire family as I have
told you During this time this year
and a little more I have learned many
things above all I have learned about the world
of gossip So to speak, it
is not that I was very knowledgeable and I have also
known and learned the injustices
that can be done to a person in
this case with Antonio David that is why  I was
so involved in this project
because I wanted to make people see that I
was committing with this
person but well as I've told you
things have an end and I think that right now
the channel can run on its own
and also because as you know I
have other businesses that I have to
attend to and precisely because I got
involved in this project
Well I have left them a little unattended
but fortunately I have a team
behind me that has been able to cover for me so that
this project could go ahead and well
since I'm going to post this on Twitter and I
only have two minutes and 20 seconds I
think I'm going to pass then Well
I would like to thank all the
people who have supported me the people who
love me, who respect me and above
all know how to value a job well done I
think we have done a very good
job on the previous Channel David And
well then nothing what I've told you
We will continue to fight out there and soon you
will have news from us I send you a
big kiss and this is not goodbye
this is see you later
Hey well I wish juanma the best
See, I hope I don't lose contact with
him. I hope I don't lose contact with him
at any moment. I think he's one of the
best people I've met on the
internet. And well, I don't have to tell him
anything because he knows what to do, whatever is
needed. Here we are. We're not
in a show yet. Yes,
we're a little in shock with what
just happened. Yes,
the fact that Juan left us
has left us a
little bit, a little bit broken. No, it has left us
a little bit broken, a little bit crooked.
No.
Yeah, very good people, plus I think he's one of the
best people I've met on the
internet. Super cool, super good people,
incredible.
[Music]